You're a wizard, Harry, a f*cking wizard.
What exactly is supposed to go here? I mean really...
Last night I lay in bed looking up at the stars in the sky and I thought to myself, where the heck is the ceiling.
The only reason people get lost in thought is because it's unfamiliar territory.
Everyone is entitled to their own opinion. It's just that yours is stupid.
There are no stupid questions, just stupid people.
"Flying is learning how to throw yourself at the ground and miss." - Douglas Adams 
The road to success is always under construction.
Everyone has photographic memory; some just don't have the film.
Friendship is like peeing on yourself: everyone can see it, but only you get the warm feeling that it brings.
"Duct tape is like the force. It has a light side, a dark side, and it holds the world together."
A computer once beat me at chess, but it was no match for me at kick boxing.
Never go to a doctor whose office plants have died.
If Barbie is so popular, why do you have to buy her friends?
"Marriage is give and take. You'd better give it to her or she'll take it anyway." - Joey Adams
Always remember you're unique, just like everyone else.
Is it good if a vacuum really sucks?
Never take life seriously. Nobody gets out alive anyway.
Guys: No Shirt, No Service - Girls: No Shirt, No Charge
If love is blind, why is lingerie so popular?
The greatest pleasure in life is doing what people say you cannot do.
Why is it called 'after dark' when it really is 'after light'?
He who laughs last didn't get it.
Behind every successful man is a loving woman. Behind her is his wife.
"When you are courting a nice girl an hour seems like a second. When you sit on a red-hot cinder a second seems like an hour. That's relativity." - Albert Einstein
Car service: If it ain't broke, we'll break it.
"You tried your best and you failed miserably. The lesson is: 'never try'." - Homer Simpson
All generalizations are false, including this one.
What do you mean, my birth certificate expired?
There is a fine line between fishing and just standing on the shore like an idiot.
There are worse things in life than death. Have you ever spent an evening with an insurance salesman?
Dont drink and drive - smoke weed and fly!
It's not poisonous...
Ooh, what does this button do..?
Arg! This ban button isn't doing anyth-
"An ounce of action is worth a ton of theory. Don't be too timid and squeamish about your actions." - Ralph Waldo Emerson
A fine is a tax for doing wrong. A tax is a fine for doing well.
"I believe in an America where millions of Americans believe in an America that's the America millions of Americans believe in. That's the America I love." – Mitt Romney
"It depends on what the meaning of the words 'is' is." - Bill Clinton
"One word sums up probably the responsibility of any vice president, and that one word is 'to be prepared.'" - Dan Quayle
"I am not worried about the deficit. It is big enough to take care of itself." - Ronald Reagan
"My fear is that the whole island will become so overly populated that it will tip over and capsize." - Hank Johnson
"I would have made a good Pope." - Richard Nixon
"A zebra does not change its spots." - Al Gore
"What right does Congress have to go around making laws just because they deem it necessary?" - Marion Barry
"I've now been in 57 states -- I think one left to go." - Barack Obama
"They don't call me Tyrannosaurus Sex for nothing." - Ted Kennedy
"As yesterday's positive report card shows, childrens do learn when standards are high and results are measured." - George W. Bush
"Death has a tendency to encourage a depressing view of war." - Donald Rumsfeld
"'Refudiate,' 'misunderestimate,' 'wee-wee'd up.' English is a living language. Shakespeare liked to coin new words too. Got to celebrate it!" - Sarah Palin
"If you don't mind smelling like peanut butter for two or three days, peanut butter is darn good shaving cream." - Barry Goldwater
"Our enemies are innovative and resourceful, and so are we. They never stop thinking about new ways to harm our country and our people, and neither do we." - George W. Bush
"We do know of certain knowledge that he [Osama Bin Laden] is either in Afghanistan, or in some other country, or dead." - Donald Rumsfeld
"I heard there's rumors on the Internets that we're going to have a draft." - George W. Bush
"Blessed are the young, for they shall inherit the national debt." - Herbert Hoover
"Things are more like they are now than they have ever been." - Gerald Ford
"Rarely is the questioned asked: Is our children learning?" - George W. Bush
"A conservative is a man with two perfectly good legs who, however, has never learned how to walk forward." - Franklin Roosevelt
"George Bush is not Hitler. He would be if he f**king applied himself." - Margaret Cho
"The enemy isn't conservatism. The enemy isn't liberalism. The enemy is bulls**t." - Lars-Erik Nelson
"Politics is the art of looking for trouble, finding it everywhere, diagnosing it incorrectly, and applying the wrong remedies." - Groucho Marx
"Being president is like running a cemetery: you've got a lot of people under you and nobody's listening." - Bill Clinton